Upcoming Events for Beam in 2022
Authored by: Brittany Hermann 

We are so excited to announce the upcoming Beam events for this year! We believe that events are an important mechanism to foster the community around Apache Beam as an Open Source Project. Our events are focused on a developer experience by giving spaces for the community to connect, facilitate collaboration, and enable knowledge sharing. 

Here is an overview of some upcoming events and ways for everyone to help foster additional community growth:


Beam Summit 

The Beam Summit 2022 is approaching! The event will be in a hybrid in-person and virtual format from Austin, TX on July 18-20, 2022. The conference will include three full days of lightning talks, roadmap updates, use cases, demos, and workshops for Beam users of all levels. This is a great opportunity to collaborate, share ideas, and work together in the improvement of the project. 

Check out talks from prior editions of Beam Summit here! 

The Experience
We are so excited to see some of you in person again and the rest of the community online! The Beam Summit Steering Committee in partnership with an event production company is working hard to ensure that we provide the community with the best possible experience, no matter which format you choose to attend in. 

If you have any ideas on how we can make this year’s event better, please reach out to us! 

Ways to Help & Participate
Submit a proposal to talk! The deadline for submissions is March 15th.
Register to join as an attendee in person or online.
Consider sponsoring the event. If your company is interested in engaging with members of the community, please check out the sponsoring prospectus.
Help us get the word out. Please make sure to let your colleagues and friends know about the Beam Summit.
Don’t forget to follow our Beam Summit Twitter and LinkedIn pages to receive event updates!
 
Beam College 

Beam College 2022 is around the corner for the second season of training! The event will be hosted virtually from May 10-13, 2022. The training is focused on providing more hands-on experience around end-to-end code samples in an interactive environment, and helping attendees see the applications of concepts covered in other venues, such as the Beam Summit. 

Check out talks from prior editions of Beam College here! 

This year, the training will consist of learning modules such as:
The Data movement ecosystem and distributed processing the Beam way
Scaling, productionalizing, and developing your Beam pipelines
Use Cases
Beam ML Use Cases 

Be sure to check out our website as we continue updating the schedule and follow our Twitter and LinkedIn pages to receive event updates! 

Ways to Help & Participate
Interested in instructing? Submit a proposal! The deadline is: February 28th.
Enroll in Beam College. Registration is now open on the registration page. 
Consider partnering with the event. If your company is interested in helping to promote the event and being a part of the branding, please fill out this form.
Help us get the word out by letting your network know about this exciting opportunity to help users uplevel data processing skills, solve complex data applications, and optimize data pipelines!
 
Beam Meetups

In partnership with an event production company, Beam will be hosting an average of one virtual  Meetup per month. These Meetups will be relaxed presentations on topics or demos followed by a Q&A session. The objective of our virtual meetups is to give the community an update on the most recent Beam features launched within the past six months. These meetups are free and open to the public. 

Check out recordings from previous Meetups here! 

Ways to Help & Participate
Are you interested in sharing a feature launch or sharing a step-by-step use case for Beam? Submit a talk idea! 
Register for the events. Registration is now open on the registration page. 
Help us get the word out by spreading the word throughout the community to enable more knowledge sharing and collaboration! 
